import mathfrom sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_errorrmse = math.sqrt(mean_squared_error(real_stock_price, predicted_stock_price))Then consider dividing this RMSE by the range of the Google Stock Price valuesof January 2017 (that is around 800) to get a relative error, as opposed to an absolute error.It is more relevant since for example if you get an RMSE of 50, then this error would be very big if the stock price values ranged around 100, but it would be very small if the stock price values ranged around 10000.here are different ways to improve the RNN model:Getting more training data: we trained our model on the past 5 years of the Google Stock Price but it would be even better to train it on the past 10 years.Increasing the number of timesteps: the model remembered the stock prices from the 60 previous financial days to predict the stock price of the next day. That’s because we chose a number of 60 timesteps (3 months). You could try to increase the number of timesteps, by choosing for example 120 timesteps (6 months).Adding some other indicators: if you have the financial instinct that the stock price of some other companies might be correlated to the one of Google, you could add this other stock price as a new indicator in the training data.Adding more LSTM layers: we built a RNN with four LSTM layers but you could try with even more.Adding more neurones in the LSTM layers: we highlighted the fact that we needed a high number of neurones in the LSTM layers to respond better to the complexity of the problem and we chose to include 50 neurones in each of our 4 LSTM layers. You could try an architecture with even more neurones in each of the 4 (or more) LSTM layers.you can do some Parameter Tuning on the RNN model we implemented.Remember, this time we are dealing with a Regression problem because we predict a continuous outcome (the Google Stock Price).Parameter Tuning for Regression is the same as Parameter Tuning for Classification which you learned in Part 1 - Artificial Neural Networks, the only difference is that you have to replace:scoring = 'accuracy'  by:scoring = 'neg_mean_squared_error' in the GridSearchCV class parameters.